I want to ask
what the psychiatrist
was doing
in the mortuary
the other night.
What happened
to you as a child
was not your fault.
It's possible
you have developed
other personalities
as a way to cope.
Can you come with me so
I can get your fingerprints?
Are you sleeping
with my wife?
I can't help you.
I barely know your wife.
Yes. we've been
looking into the deaths
of two former residents
of Ledford House.
After she disappeared.
the police were contacted.
They reached out to us
at the time and we did nothing.
Can you swim?
We need to talk.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
You can't
look for Martin.
You hurt him.
His feet are dirty.
Can I wash them?
Sometimes
children have trouble
with the concept of time.
Such as when or
how often something occurred.
They often think that grownups
already know everything
they might have to say.
and are more inclined
to omit sexual details
than place particular
stress on them.
Our memories are intimately
connected to our perceptions.
What we see.
hear and feel.
One clinical example
is a teenage girl
who smells
her boyfriend's semen...
and realises that
this isn't the first time
she's encountered
that smell.
And that instigates
a process
through which she
comes to remember
her father's
abuse of her.
In an incestuous family.
the boundaries between
adults and children
are unclear and hazy.
All needs are satisfied
within the family.
The daughter often
switches roles with the mother
and might replace her
in the kitchen. for instance.
but also in the bed.
The family does
everything together
and. from the outside.
looks like the ideal family.
There are many ways
to cry...
...noisily...
quietly...
- or not at all.
- Or not at all.
Come on. you.
Teatime.
♪ eerie music playing
Sit.
♪ Rock-a-bye. baby
on the tree top ♪
♪ When the wind blows
the cradle will rock ♪
♪ When the bough breaks
the cradle will fall ♪
♪ It will fall
♪ And down will come baby
cradle and all ♪
♪ Hush. little baby
♪ Don't you weep
Would you like some milk?
Say when.
Excuse the fingers.
Tea?
What do you want?
Because we can talk
if you like.
I do wanna talk.
Okay.
But this time...
I wanna talk about
what's going on inside...
your head.
Oh. that's crazy.
I don't think you're
supposed to say that.
No. I'm not.
I'm... I apologise.
Don't worry.
I mean.
you're not very well.
You've had
quite bad headaches
and blackouts recently.
haven't you?
How do you know?
Have you been following me
to my hospital appointments?
I do follow you.
Sort of.
Then you'll know that
I'm completely well.
I just...
- I just don't feel like myself.
- Like myself.
Do you know why
you feel strange?
It's because
you're not you.
You're not a person.
Are you trying
to scare me?
No.
I wrote notes on my notes
that you wrote. to help you.
- Mm-hmm.
- I saw.
We wrote them...
together in a way.
There are notes
for both of us
to try and understand
what part we play in...
being.
Okay.
What if it's you
who needs help?
No. I'm the therapist.
You're the patient.
Okay. You're being
a bit loud.
Actually...
the A.N.P. is always louder.
It's not your fault. but you
have ended up being
quite a loud person.
Why did you just call me
an A.N.P.?
Because you are one.
See. I don't think you know
what that means.
I know what it means.
Do you know
what it means?
Do you think
the memories you're having
are just memories
of my memories
that I've told you about?
Er...
That's a bit crazy.
isn't it?
Yeah. I can't remember things
that didn't happen to me.
Exactly.
Look. I want you to get out
of my house now. Victoria.
I actually really
like and respect you.
I do.
I didn't bring you here
to argue.
I'm grateful to you
because you've done
a lot of very
boring stuff for me.
The parts of being a person
that I actually find very hard.
Like wearing
normal clothes
and using
all the hair products
and making reservations
and turning up to things
and being
nice and polite
and quite sort of...
attractive.
I mean. quite sexy
sometimes.
And. you know.
I actually. I. er...
I really appreciate it.
But now I'm just not gonna have
someone doing that anymore.
Because I. er...
Yeah. I don't think
I need it.
But you have done
a really...
really good job.
I mean. seriously...
I am your therapist.
I work with you.
You also work
for other people. don't you?
Yes. I have
other clients.
Not them.
The people who think they're
more important than me.
The people who
want to control us.
They try to make us
forget the truth
so we don't report them.
I don't know
who you mean.
You've also let things
slip a bit. haven't you?
Yeah.
People are starting to see
behind the mask sometimes.
I mean. don't you think?
Do you
wanna call your therapist?
Yes.
Sorry. You can't.
Then please.
can I leave?
You probably won't ever
leave this flat again.
Whatever you do to me.
you do to yourself.
♪ tense. uneasy music playing
I created you.
Do you mind
if I have another tea?
Why would I mind?
Well. you might not
be able to sleep
if I have one this late.
Wha... What?
You need to be
able to rest.
Because I want you
to understand
what's gonna happen.
I'm giving you time
to prepare.
Wait. please.
Wait. there's something
you should know.
Something important.
Please wait.
I'm going
to write it down.
so you can see it.
In case I'm not here.
It might make a difference
to what you decide to do.
♪ melancholic music playing
♪ sombre music playing
Get a grip.
You're an absolute
fucking babe.
Did CCTV lose White?
Yes. we lost him
down by the docks.
Morning. ma'am.
Er. uniforms all over it.
He must have
had a car.
Er. does anybody have. like.
a breakfast bar
for me to eat. please?
I'm not sure paracetamol
counts as a snack.
No. it's a serious medicine.
Until you're my age.
and then it is a snack.
Jeanette...
What's this?
Oh. we've got a match.
The half-burnt jerry can from
the Burkeman house. it's...
it's a match to prints
that we've got in the system.
It's... it's saying
it's a match
for a Dr Sophia Craven.
That doesn't seem...
Mi... Mike?
I took
the prints carefully.
Okay. let me just...
let me just...
Er... let me just. er...
Fucking think
for a fucking minute.
Erm...
We have to work with
the clues we have.
not the clues
you would prefer to have
because it would make more
sense to you. Jeanette.
Yeah. no. no. no. no.
I understand that.
And I. I...
I agree with you.
It's. it's just...
She's on the phone.
Erm...
Answer it!
I am 100% sure
that Sophia.
you know.
was not involved
in the murder
of Ben Burkeman.
I'm sorry. I just...
I'm allowed to say
what my gut instinct is.
The evidence would suggest
otherwise. detective.
So. you need to consider
why Sophia Craven
might want to kill one of
Victoria Burkeman's parents.
Whatever your next move is.
you make it
the right one.
Because Victoria's next move
could be her endgame.
♪ pensive music playing
♪ melancholic music playing
Fuck.
Maybe Sophia came
looking for you
at the mortuary.
No.
Could she be working
with Eva? Helping her?
Eva reported her.
so no.
Her own line
of interest or enquiry?
What. with dead people?
Did you review
her psych assessments?
Yeah. there's nothing
we don't already know.
There's a fuck of a lot
we don't know. Mike.
After Victoria left
the Burkemans. did she
seek out any other type
of treatment before Sophia?
If she did.
it was off book.
Private or some other
service provider.
Or was there anything
at Victoria's old flat
that would suggest Sophia's
treatment of Victoria was...
unorthodox.
Mm. no.
But we weren't
looking for it.
I can go back.
I can look again.
Yeah. look again.
I'm gonna call the lab.
have them
talk me through it.
Doesn't make sense.
I just don't believe
Sophia could have been
at the Burkemans.
There's something
we don't understand here.
that we just
don't understand.
Makes your brain hurt.
Mm-hmm.
♪ melancholic music playing
The fuck?
♪ uneasy music playing
Bristol Infirmary.
Yeah. Dr Sophia Craven.
Could I be put through to
the psychiatric unit. please?
Yeah. Just please hold.
Psychiatric unit.
Yes. I have a patient in need
of urgent medical care.
She needs
sectioning today.
She's at risk of harming
herself and others.
Name of patient.
Sophia Craven.
Patient. not the doctor.
It's for me.
Hello? Hello. are...
are you there?
♪ soft. tense music playing
♪ music turns eerie
Time to go.
♪ eerie music playing
♪ music intensifies
There's something
you're gonna wanna see.
What am I looking at?
Psych report after
her first evaluation.
Much later when
she was at university.
But before Sophia.
there was someone else.
What the fuck?
Come on.
Doctor. the police are here.
regarding an old patient.
Client.
We say client.
Yes. of course.
Sorry. you have
told me before.
Thank you. nurse.
You can shut the door
on the way out.
She has undiagnosed
depression.
almost certainly. possibly.
early onset Alzheimer's.
I do wish she'd get
some proper treatment
and make all our lives
a little easier. but...
no one has time
for themselves anymore.
So we just carry on
until we drop dead.
Oh. Please. come in.
Sit down.
Thank you.
Hi. I'm DCI Jeanette Kilburn.
and this is...
I'm DC Mike Dilliston.
Are you
Dr Sophia Craven?
Yes.
We want to talk to you
about one of your
former clients from
about 15 years ago.
Victoria Burkeman.
Do you remember her?
Yes. Victoria.
Yes. of course.
Mm. keeping an eye
on everyone?
That's your job.
People can do what they like.
as far as I'm concerned.
You may have
seen on the news
that Victoria's wanted
for questioning
regarding four murders
and the placing of dead bodies
around Bristol.
Right.
You don't
seem surprised.
Yes and no.
Many things are possible.
Could we ask you what your
main area of discussion was
in your sessions
with her at the time?
Yes.
Victoria had a long history
of family abuse.
During that abuse.
she became pregnant.
Am I remembering
correctly?
No. A child was
born in 2007.
but that was
her sister Madeleine.
No. Victoria had
a baby in 2007.
Her parents told her
the baby died.
Given the history
of sexual abuse.
if it was Victoria
who had the baby.
perhaps the Burkemans
lied to her
and told her
the baby was dead.
but that they. in fact.
kept the baby and
raised it on their own.
Such things happen.
That would mean that
Madeleine was
Victoria's child.
Madeleine...
does she suspect that
Victoria may be her mother?
Madeleine was murdered.
We believe
Ben Burkeman killed her.
Oh. that's devastating.
If Ben Burkeman
was her grandfather.
then who was her father?
It's possible Ben Burkeman
was Madeleine's father.
and her grandfather.
Meaning she was
Victoria's half-sister.
and her daughter.
We will check.
Poor Victoria.
She had. and
very likely still has.
as there is no cure.
a condition called D.I.D.
Dissociative Identity Disorder.
Some people call it
Multiple Personality Disorder.
people outside
of the field.
She had a number of alters.
Mary Magdalene was one.
and another
was animalistic.
non-human.
A crow.
Some were key players.
others were bit parts
in the D.I.D. system.
But each was formed
as a response
to moments of trauma.
It was not her fault
that she was unwell.
This condition can be
created by others.
by their abuse.
Abusers can benefit
from the D.I.D. system.
and its alters
can be designed
and curated
by the abuser
as a way of
protecting themselves
against the authorities
and controlling the victim.
They can help
create an alter
whose job it is to deny
any abuse took place.
or be totally unaware
of the abuse.
This can be done
by a trigger word.
a rhyme.
or even a game.
Do you have a daughter?
Or do you have a niece
also called Dr Craven?
Oh.
I thought she might do
something like this.
Like what?
Do you have
a photo of her?
Yes.
Can I see it?
Mmm.
I can see what she's
done with the hair.
And the clothes.
Can you explain that
to me. please?
This is a photograph
of Victoria Burkeman.
Are you sure?
Dr Craven...
could you tell us a little bit
more about D.I.D.. please?
Certainly.
People with D.I.D.
can create an A.N.P..
an "Apparently
Normal Personality."
that can steer the ship
of the D.I.D. system
and run the body
full time.
It seems
that Victoria probably
created an A.N.P. on me.
Oh. my... my God.
It's not that unusual.
Okay.
Sorry.
I. er...
Would this Sophia
know that she was...
Would this Sophia know
that she was an alter.
or an A.N.P.?
Probably not.
And it's actually
very clever.
Because it means Victoria
has her therapist with her
at all times.
- Mm-hmm.
- She can. in a sense.
take over the treatment
of herself.
But she can also...
What?
She may also
just decide
to skip
the therapeutic method
and try to get rid of
all the alters herself.
Stop. stop.
How would she do that?
Yeah. Yes.
We're leaving now.
What a fucking shitshow.
Oh. my fucking God.
What the fuck
is wrong with me?
Look. that's not gonna
help right now.
No. no. Mike.
you don't understand
the degree of head-fuckery
I've been a part of.
I am...
I am knee-deep.
I am... No.
waist-deep in shit.
I've blown up my entire
fucking life for what? Huh?
For... for a couple of shags
and a kebab?
You slept with Sophia?
Yes. many. many times.
Er... Look. look.
Let's talk to Verity.
I've corrupted the case.
I've been lied to.
I have been groomed into
only seeing one thing
when the truth has been
staring me in the fucking face.
And it is so
messy and strange.
because it makes
a liar out of me
even though I haven't lied.
I swear.
It is possible.
like Dr Craven said. that...
Sophia doesn't know
she's an alter or the A.N.P.
She might not know
she lied to you.
She might be telling the truth
as far as she understands.
Don't call Verity. okay.
I wanna to talk
to her face-to-face.
- Sorry.
- Sorry what?
She's on the line.
She's on the...
Jeanette. we need
to make an arrest now.
I know that!
Fuck you.
We're on our way.
Meet us there.
Oh. come on now.
Come on. now.
Alex. not a good time.
Look. sorry.
It's about Sophia.
I went to see
her yesterday.
and I wanted you to know
it wasn't normal.
She was behaving...
strangely. Very weird.
Yeah. I'm...
I'm dealing with it.
I just don't
trust her. Jeanette.
Something's very off.
I'm serious.
Yeah. you're right.
I'm sorting it.
Sorting it?
How though. Jeanette?
Blue lights. two units.
knocking-the-fucking-door-
down type sorting it.
Okay. Shit.
Jojo okay?
He's fine.
We're fine.
Good. That's good. Er...
- Look. Alex...
- It's okay. I know.
- I'm here.
- Thanks.
- I'll call you later. okay?
- Okay.
♪ pensive music playing
No!
So. how are you. Victoria?
I'm okay.
How are you?
I'm very well.
Thank you for asking.
Last time we talked about
some of the difficulties
you were having navigating
the business of being alive.
A lot of it's unbearable.
I don't know how
people cope.
Do you think
some people just
grin and bear it?
They must.
Or perhaps.
some people don't feel things
as deeply as you do?
Maybe.
Do you find it helpful
talking in these sessions?
Yes. very.
What is it that
you find helpful?
I like talking to someone
who seems to have
their life in order.
Order is important
to you?
Order's important
to me now.
I don't think
it was before.
You want to be
more organised?
I want to be
more organised.
You are doing
really well.
Thank you.
I'm doing really well.
Are you repeating
everything I say?
No. Sorry. I. erm...
I like your intonation.
Is that the word? The...
sort of melody of
the way you speak.
I find it relaxing.
Oh. er. sorry. one moment.
I've got to. er...
I actually have
to leave early today.
No. wait.
We can continue.
Next time.
Thank you for the session.
Dr Sophia Craven speaking.
♪ suspenseful music playing
Sophia!
It's Jeanette.
I'm with the police.
Open the door!
They wanna come in.
They wanna talk to you.
I wanna talk to you. Sophia.
Sophia!
That's enough. Jeanette.
Go ahead.
Police! Show yourself!
- Police!
- Sophia!
- Show yourself. Police!
- Police! Show yourself!
- Police!
Jeanette.
Just me.
♪ sombre music playing
This is my fault.
So this...
This was Sophia?
Not Victoria?
Sophia is Victoria.
Fucking hell. Jeanette.
Ma'am.
I know...
Mike. give me the back of
a fag packet version. now.
♪ suspenseful music playing
If Sophia is just
the A.N.P. running the system.
how... how can I
talk to Victoria?
The general idea is
you have to call them out.
Are you listening. Jeanette?
Calling th...
Calling them out?
I am... I jus...
You seem
a little distracted.
I just... I am dis...
What?
If you want to call her out.
you have to say
her name with purpose.
As if you knew her and
have always known her.
As if you understand her
and care for her.
As if. in a way.
you love her...
...in a way that's
real and genuine.
So...
Victoria!
Jeanette?
♪ tense music playing
Fuck!
♪ closing theme music playing ♪
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm